Listen...
I have an idea.
Yeah. My little sister is really fast at
this stuff.
Seriously?
As fast as my wife.
Her name's Aki, so just ask for Aki's
number and get it out fast.
Just spit it out.
Bang bang bang, like that...
Forget about Dad for now.
No, but my dad's...
No, listen, you're gonna have your sister
ask your dad's body count?
That's insane.
No way.
We need to go that far.
No, that's not it.
You ask your own dad's body count.
Your dad is so damn slow.
So we're doing this?
No, no, no.
Seriously, Bryant cries at the drop of a
hat. Yeah, okay.
It connected, it connected.
All right.
Will my dad actually say it?
Go investigate.
Okay. Hello? Hello? Mom? It's Shinichi.
Shinichi? Yeah, it's me. Sorry, sorry, I'm
at a pay phone.
Yeah. Asking for Aki's number like this
really makes me sound like a scammer.
I need Aki's number right away,
so please tell me.
What happened? Why are you calling this
much?
Just for a second, please, hurry.
Sorry. Wait a sec.
Uh, hold on a sec.
Oh, Osaka area code.
Fast. Fast, huh. Here it comes. Okay. 080,
080.
Yeah. 080-XXXX-XXXX. Yeah. Okay, is Dad
there? Dad's...
He's already in the car on his way here.
Ah, okay, got it. Dad.
Right.
Okay, sorry. Sorry about that.
Dad...
Dad was out.
Ah.
Okay.
She could ask your mom for you too.
Yeah, but it's fine.
At least you got Aki's number.
Now what?
How do we get out?
Right here.
OK Google, help me.
I'm not getting anywhere.
Get me out of the dirt.
Sorry, I didn't understand that.
How do you not understand this situation?
No hint at all.
This is miserable and scary.
OK Google.
Tell me something fun.
Then here's a riddle.
Oh?
A boxer and a diamond.
What's the connection?
Both shine in the ring.
Ohhh.
Ah.
It even adds a laugh track?
No, that was good.
Should we call Makio?
Let's call Makio already.
Want to try him?
First we need to decide what to ask Makio.
Um, ask Makio...
Ueno Zoo.
Yeah.
Ueno Zoo, and...
NHK, and...
Rakuen.
Damn...
Kamata Depart.
Whoa, that's brutal. What are you making a
King of Conte champion do?
Makio went to Waseda,
so he probably knows smart people.
Should we ask him the one about one to a
million? Let's ask that first.
Please, Makio's...
Yeah.
Makio might be in the middle of curry
right now. Hello?
Hello?
Is this Mr. Makio?
Yeah.
It's Minamikawa.
Yeah, yeah, what's up? Makio, you went to
Waseda, right? Were you science?
Yeah.
No, arts.
Arts, huh?
Don't just assume.
What an unprovoked comeback.
A call from a junior...
A junior calls you up
and goes, 'Arts, huh?'
Makio, uh, at Ueno Zoo...
Yeah.
The flamingos...
Can you find out how many there are?
Sure.
Yeah, I can look it up.
Seriously?
Ueno Zoo. Okay, then, I'll call you back
in 15 minutes.
Yeah, yeah, okay.
He's so nice.
No, no, no, no.
Can't be helped.
You're too slow, Minamikawa-san.
Since earlier.
What do you mean?
He was arts, okay?
Well, that can't be helped.
You two make a living talking crap about
people. Of course you'll clash.
Next you're stuck with Minamikawa for
hours. Don't cave, man.
To that kind of stuff.
What else can I do?
Didn't you both come from Osaka Shochiku?
Oh, really?
Oh, nice.
Nice, nice.
All we can do is keep eating.
Gross.
Ugh, no, no.
Ugh, no.
Nice. Gross, ugh. Nice. Nasty.
Hate it.
I hate this.
Still, we're getting somewhere.
This is the only way.
It hits your
brain stem.
Hard.
The sweetness.
Hahahaha.
So sweet. This is what happens when you
eat too much candy.
Like chocolate cream.
You're losing it.
Hmm.
This might be bad.
This might be bad too.
No, I want a black coffee.
Yeah, true.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Man, black coffee would be great.
I wonder if they have coffee jelly.
This is seriously rough.
It could count as hydration too.
Hydration, yeah.
This isn't some rich-person game anymore.
It's like that diamond game.
I mean, it looks like a dream world.
Then they drag us into this gross room
and make us eat candy.
When you think about it, a candy house
would suck. It really would.
Yeah.
It sounds all fairy-tale-like, but...
Hello?
Ah, Makio, sorry.
Did you figure out the flamingos?
Yeah, I did.
You did? How many were there?
Well, this is from 2017, though.
From 2017?
Just the info, yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
It said 40.
Forty?
An older article said...
uh, 31.
So what are we supposed to do with that?
But the newer info says 40.
Come on.
Forty?
Got it. I'll call you again then, sorry.
Okay.
Sorry about that.
Yeah.
That's why I hate this.
Makio...
He did look it up for you.
Yeah.
You can't say that.
He has no idea what's going on.
Not to someone who helped you.
That attitude is messed up.
Makio really...
This is hopeless.
Aki is perfect, though.
No, I mean...
I trust my sister.
Let's just say it once.
Yeah.
At Ueno Zoo,
there are 40 flamingos.
Forty. Yeah.
I wonder...
Hmm.
Ah, so it changed since then.
Yeah.
Makio...
What do we want first?
A pickaxe.
Tsuruhashi Hideki.
Man, I'm just thirsty.
I'm thirsty.
Would cigarettes work? No, honestly...
I want a smoke so bad.
Still dreaming of a pickaxe?
Hahahaha.
Like that.
Hydration.
Right, first of all...
I really want a cigarette.
You're just trying to break stuff.
Well, yeah.
The second it's 'cigarettes,'
it feels harder to get picked.
Like, some kind of cigarette...
Is there a brand name that wouldn't
instantly read as cigarettes?
Then something like Mevius.
Mevius.
Mevius is a real word too. Or Wakaba,
maybe that wouldn't give it away.
Wakaba.
What do you actually want to smoke?
Marlboro Gold.
I'd be fine with that too.
Huh?
Honestly.
What?
Really, I'd want Lucky Strike.
That's a strong one.
Damn.
But Marlboro...
like Red Marl or...
Gold Marl, stuff like that exists.
Yeah.
Yeah, that might actually be better.
Amazing how even in this situation...
you still crave cigarettes this much.
No, I kind of get it.
Because I smoke.
Ah, right.
When it comes down to it, what I want is a
cigarette. That's where I end up.
Even in this situation.
A cigarette?
Yeah.
'Hatara-ku.' Yeah, I guess 'cigarettes'
would give it away. No, I'd still be fine.
Let's go with 'Hatara-ku.'
Yeah.
Might rank
above food at this point.
Once it gets to this point...
Seriously?
'Hatara-ku.'
We could also do 'kido airaku.'
Which one's better?
That's nice, that kind of one.
Yeah, I'm good with pun names.
How about 'kido airaku'?
Want to try that?
It does have 'Lark' in it.
And it's cute.
Cute.
Let's go with 'Kido Airaku.'
Yeah, that's good.
And tell Makio to
go to Ueno Zoo.
Then...
Hello?
Ah, Makio.
It was totally wrong.
Off by 40.
What? Makio, you're free right now, right?
You have time, right?
I'm free.
Could you go to Ueno Zoo right now?
Whoa.
What?
Seriously... Which is easier for you, Ueno
Zoo or Tokyo Teleport?
Ueno Zoo is probably easier.
Ah, I see.
Then go to Ueno Zoo and count how many
flamingos there are, please.
Uh... yeah. Okay. Got it, thanks.
Latest count.
You're really going?
He's going.
Where to?
Ueno Zoo.
Yes!
No, seriously, that's the least he can do.
He should be doing that much.
Your attitude is nuts.
At this point it is.
No, he's just dragging us down.
He's not dragging us down.
Makio...
What do you mean, dragging us down?
OK Google.
We're not even a team.
Play something that pumps me up.
Since this will be a streaming show,
free-use music has been prepared. Hahahaha.
Huh? What? Did it say something?
That fits way too well.
This whole situation.
Hahahahaha.
Am I going to die?
Ha...
I'm shivering.
What is this?
This is the worst situation possible.
Hahahahaha.
Huh? Is this becoming a stream?
Free-use music?
What?
Isn't this supposed to be Wednesday
Downtown? Ah, I see.
I was doing this thinking it was
Wednesday. Of course you'd think that.
OK Google.
How does it even know that?
We've made a special registration just for
today's shoot. Amazing, right? Whoa.
Don't brag about that.
Hello?
Ah, hello?
So, do you have time right now?
Time?
Time? Uh, yeah, why?
Can you get to Shibuya?
Shibuya?
Shibuya? Right now? Yeah. There's a
pachinko place in Dogenzaka called Rakuen.
I need the machine installed at machine
777 there. Huh?
What? Right now? Yeah. It can be however
many hours from now. Please.
Okay, fine.
That's hardcore.
Why do they always go,
'Uh...' like that?
That kind of thing
gets in your head, doesn't it?
Can't be helped.
What a waste of time.
It can't be helped.
You're a genius at finding flaws.
Who even wants that?
I didn't care at all.
Yeah. If there were just enough space for
one head...
Don't they say if your head fits, you can
get through anywhere? What kind of master thief says that?
People say that, don't they?
By the way, can your face fit in here?
Right here.
Yeah, maybe, maybe.
Yeah, maybe.
No, no way.
No way, no way.
Seriously.
No way.
Try forcing it in a little harder.
But don't stick your head in too much,
because we need to eat that part. No, no, no.
No way.
Surprisingly...
I don't want a bald head there.
No bald head.
No skin either.
What a visual.
It'll leave scalp oil all over the path.
That'd be disgusting.
I don't know why, but...
I wonder if they're simulating something.
I don't think the human brain
can handle this much sweetness.
Hahahaha.
This room has the worst vibe.
Hello? Ah, Aki, it's Shinichi. All right.
You know those things on roads where water
drains? Yeah.
The metal grate ones, like a mesh, so your
keys don't fall through. Yeah.
What's that grate called exactly?
The grate?
The grate? I don't know.
Just look it up online.
The grate...
Yeah.
What's that thing called?
Are you exhausted?
And it said something like it was good
too. One more thing: Umemiya Tatsuo Tsukemono Honpo...
the Tacchan Doll...
Umemiya Tatsuo pickles?
Honpo?
Rice field?
Tsukemono Honpo.
Honpo?
There's this thing called the Tacchan
Doll. Yeah.
Find out how tall the Tacchan Doll is, in
centimeters. Okay.
Please, fast. Sorry. I'll call again in
10... no, 15 minutes. Using too much.
That was already six points.
We used too much.
You really had the nerve to complain about
someone else's wife. True.
You really said that.
Sorry.
Stuff like 'uh...'
That one really was bad.
That was the worst look you've made all
day.
What now? Uh... if your wife goes, Shibuya
will take a while. Miyazaki-san...
Should we take a little break? You've been
taking a break this whole time.
No, we can eat while we think.
My brain's not working.
Cup ramen...
I want some.
What the hell?
Chocolate?
Let's split the chocolate.
For the brain...
True.
Need to get some sugar in us.
Let's split the chocolate. And can we get
toilet paper too? That's your thing.
No, we both need it.
There it is.
One point?
Oh, that's big. Big.
Ah!
Yes!
That's huge.
Huge.
It's chocolate.
No, this is great.
I'm so happy.
Honestly, at this point...
Yeah, fine.
Ah.
First meal, huh?
No, this really lifts your spirits.
It does.
It really does.
I still don't understand any of this.
It takes two and a half hours.
It's starting.
We have to listen to all of it.
Can we really do this?
Today's email theme is 'Things I loved as
a kid.' 'Things I loved as a kid,' huh.
Toys, bugs, dumb games, your own little
thing... We can do this. Seriously.
Stuff you only loved because you were a
kid, right? Yeah.
Right? When I was in school lunch, maybe
it was just me, but...
Yeah.
You know shiratama dumplings...
Didn't you ever get shiratama?
We did.
We used to see how long we could keep one
in our mouths until after sixth period. Didn't you and your friends do that?
We didn't, but I think it's good.
Oh, okay.
And what about that thing where you'd pick
one rock and carry it home? Yeah.
Like, 'this is the rock'
and then...
you carry it all the way home.
That kind of thing.
Just send a bunch of relatable little
stories. I think that's the way to go.
Yeah.
'Tamagotchi was huge when I was a kid.'
They even had Oyajitchi back then.
Yeah, they did.
Hey, Aki, keep it to three things, okay?
Okay.
Aki, did you get it?
Huh?
Did you get it?
Umemiya Tatsuo?
Umemiya Tatsuo, the Tacchan Doll height.
Tacchan Doll?
A doll? Not the real person?
The Tacchan Doll.
Not the real person, the doll.
Wait a sec.
This isn't going well.
What? Sorry, what?
What? If you search 'Tacchan Doll,' it
should come up.
Why the hell not?
Why didn't you search it already?
The Tacchan Doll's height.
I told you 'height' earlier.
What?
I said it earlier.
It is what it is.
You dropped that on her out of nowhere.
And that road grate thing...
That grate thing. What kind of phrase is
'the road grate thing'?'
What do you mean, 'the road grate thing'?
Tacchan Doll? What?
The Tacchan Doll.
You weren't even listening.
Just look it up.
Tacchan Doll.
This is hopeless.
What even is this?
There's no way that gets across.
Don't make me say it over and over.
Stop making me repeat it.
You're laughing your ass off.
None of it's getting through.
Sorry.
No matter how many times I say it...
Seriously.
We used too much.
This is bad, Aki.
We made good progress.
You're out of control, man.
Seriously, sorry.
And why were you badmouthing my wife?
Huh? We're supposed to move something out
of this trash pile?
Yeah. But even if they tell us to move
something from the pile...
We can't reach it.
Is that a Roomba?
Huh?
It is a Roomba, right?
Oh.
Maybe it's linked.
With this?
Ah.
If the Roomba moves, maybe it can dig the
dirt. Oh.
Maybe it can.
OK Google.
Move the Roomba.
Huh?
Ah.
Oh.
I see.
It moved.
Ah.
Oh.
It moved, it moved, it moved.
Maybe this can dig the dirt.
Come on, this way.
That's far.
Roomba, this way.
Can the Roomba even go over this dirt?
Hey, isn't it getting stuck?
It's all uneven.
It moved a little.
This way, this way.
It's kind of...
Because it's carrying the computer.
Ah.
If they'd installed it differently, maybe.
A Roomba on dirt is pretty funny.
It is.
Hey, staff!
You can see where I am, right?
Hey.
It only moves on flat ground.
Yeah.
You had to know that.
Isn't this impossible?
This is impossible.
No way.
The Roomba's useless.
Think about where you put it.
It's stuck in a halfway spot. But if they
expected us to escape with a Roomba...
...then there's no way.
Can I call home once? My house.
My parents.
Oh, to ask about table tennis?
Table tennis.
Table tennis, okay, good.
Hello?
Hello? Dad?
Ah, Toshi.
You play table tennis, right?
Yeah, yeah. In a table tennis match, when
are you allowed to wipe sweat with a towel?
When are you allowed to wipe sweat?
Let's see...
You know the two players' points?
The two players' points, yeah.
When the score reaches six.
Huh.
So when the combined score is six,
you can use the towel?
Yeah, I think that's how it works in
official matches. Oh, really?
And, Dad...
What?
Dad...
Yeah.
How many sexual partners have you had?
What?
How many sexual partners?
Sexual partners?
Yeah.
Just one.
Dad's number is one?
Just one. I only have your mother.
Wow.
Sorry, I'll call again. Bye.
Awkward.
This is insanely awkward.
What was that?
Just one.
That's the only answer.
In a table tennis match,
you're allowed to wipe sweat with a towel
when the players' combined score reaches six.
Huh.
I didn't know that.
Dad!
That's not it.
Huh?
See?
He lied about his body count too.
What was wrong with that?
Huh, what was wrong?
Still, one body isn't bad.
So, your dad...
Let's go.
Let's call your dad.
Hello?
Mom, it's Shinichi.
Yes?
Is Dad there?
Who is this?
Uh, Shinichi, Shinichi.
Now it sounds like a scam call.
She's on guard, isn't she?
I was born July 21.
I guess voices really do change.
July 21.
Why do I have to do all this?
This is peak irritation. I'm kind of being
held captive for a TV show right now.
What?
I'm being held captive on a show.
Uh-huh.
So, is Dad there?
Your dad isn't here.
Why not?
He went out for lunch.
What?
He's gone to eat.
Why does it have to be your dad?
Yeah, it has to be Dad.
Forget it, I'll call again.
About how long till he gets back?
Enough already, just stop.
No, this is impossible now.
What are you doing?
Sorry, hanging up.
You're pushing it too far.
What are you doing?
What the hell are you doing?
His dad had gone out to eat. Shinichi
still hasn't gotten anything out of him.
She totally thought you were a scammer.
He'd gone out to eat. But she answered you
earlier, didn't she? Huh? Oh.
We might get a lot at once.
Huh, all at once?
Whoa.
Whoa, amazing.
Whoa, it's going.
So good.
Right?
Ahh.
My body's salty.
This is rough.
Wow.
Oh, is that how you're balancing it out?
It makes you hungry.
Seriously?
So good.
By the way, can we actually escape like
this? We've opened up a lot, haven't we?
Can your shoulder fit, by the way?
My shoulder can totally fit.
No, still impossible.
My head fits too.
How is it? Yeah. Your shoulder, and that
side, can it go a little more?
Yeah, yeah, the shoulder can.
This left shoulder here.
But your left shoulder's linked with the
one in front, so isn't it impossible? Just a little more.
What if you went headfirst? Or backward?
Wouldn't backing in be even harder?
No, still impossible, right?
Even a little...
Aren't you at the limit? Well, yeah, but
this whole thing is already beyond the limit.
Honestly, we're already way past the
gauge.
We've been past the gauge for a long time.
Yeah, obviously.
Anyway...
Of course this is brutal.
Just snap it off.
My spine.
Hello?
Ah, Makio.
Yeah.
So, how many were there?
Okay, first, I need to say this wasn't
easy, but Ueno Zoo was closed today.
Whoa.
Huh.
That's rotten luck.
Seriously?
So... I thought maybe I could still see
them from far away.
Yeah, yeah.
He's so nice.
So I walked all around the place.
Right, right, right.
Then I found this 'zoo service entrance,'
like a staff-only gate. Oh.
And I asked the security guard, 'Could you
ask a keeper how many there are?'
That's what I said.
Yeah.
I didn't count them myself, though.
Please. Thirty-five. Oh! Oh!
Got it. Thank you so much.
Yeah.
Sorry. I swear I'll repay this favor.
Thank you so much, sorry.
Thanks.
Yeah.
He said thanks.
He's a good guy.
Yeah. As of now, there are 35 flamingos at
Ueno Zoo.
Come on, please.
It's connected.
Yeah.
Ahh.
Oh.
Yes!
Whoa.
All right!
Makio, you're basically a King of Conte
champion all over again.
Thank you so much for going all the way to
Ueno Zoo.
Maybe for that show, I should push things
a little harder. Push a little harder?
Just be brutally honest.
Should we do it?
This one's hard.
Seriously?
Please. Yes, the hands of the clock have
passed 3:00.
You're listening to Makoto Ohtake Golden
Radio! Today's partner is...
Dan Mitsu.
Bunka Hoso's Makoto Ohtake Golden Radio!
Today's message theme is 'Things I Loved
as a Kid.' 'Things I loved as a kid.'
This is from 'Winter Love Is Also an
Illusion' in Zama, Kanagawa.
What I loved as a kid was collecting sake
bottle caps. They're getting close.
Sake caps, right? I was probably about
six. There it is.
The kanji on the caps that I couldn't read
looked incredibly cool to me back then,
so I used to swipe them from the empty
bottles behind the neighborhood liquor store.
Swipe them. Sunayama-san, you're my
generation, so I bet you remember how all boys collected them back then, right?
If some kid had a rare bottle cap, he
became a hero.
Looking back, collecting those bottle caps
may have been the start of my hoarding habit. We're just losing on luck here.
Yeah, it really was popular.
Come on, one more, one more.
Or milk bottle caps.
Oh, yeah.
Once one topic branches out, it gets
pretty rough. It does.
Yeah, once the talk starts spreading.
We've got to keep it moving.
Please. And we used to collect bottle caps
at neighborhood recycling drives too.
One more decided.
Swipe them.
There weren't as many varieties back then.
Don't drag it out, don't drag it out.
But it sounds like that person still
collects something now. Yeah, probably.
Don't get into it.
Dan Mitsu.
From the way they talk... You don't need
to get into this, Dan Mitsu.
A collecting habit.
I wonder what they're collecting now.
Dan Mitsu, don't bite.
Do unreadable kanji really look that cool?
Move to the next story.
Foreigners do get tattoos like that a lot.
Thanks, now stop talking so slowly.
True.
And they're wrong half the time.
Don't make it bigger.
Yeah, a lot of them are wrong.
This is getting way too drawn out.
It's gone off toward rats. Oh, right, and
the people getting them are foreigners too, so...
Dan Mitsu, seriously. Do they just get
something like this tattooed on?
Like phonetic ateji, right?
Hey.
Like, 'Why did you get that?' I once saw
someone with 'Aquarius' written on them.
Dan Mitsu's killing us.
This is bad.
Not this.
We're screwed.
This is off-day Dan Mitsu.
Well, if they really are an Aquarius...
Yeah, then technically it's correct. I was
really hoping they actually were an Aquarius.
As radio goes...
We can do this.
Next up we have 'Mugi Choco.'
A 71-year-old woman from Itabashi.
Seventy-one.
'Things I loved as a kid.'
Whoa.
I'm not even full at all, though.
So you're not full.
Right.
You know...
Yeah.
Lying down side by side like this... we
haven't done that since high school, have we?
Kind of...
Yeah, okay.
That part's nice.
This is nice.
Kind of nostalgic, right?
That does sound like something it'd do.
Hello?
Sorry, Aki, do you know how tall the
Tacchan Doll is? 174 centimeters, right?
Life-size.
And then...
And you know that mesh thing where your
key can't fall through? That mesh thing.
That, it's 'grating.'
Huh, in katakana?
Yeah, she said it was called 'grating.'
Grating.
Yeah.
Thanks.
Okay, I'll hang up again. Thanks. Bye.
Oh, okay, got it.
First, Tacchan gets the Tacchan doll.
174 centimeters.
Thanks, Aki. We'll enter it.
Aki?
Aki!
Ahh, our...
Ah, there it goes.
Whoa!
Thank you!
Our Aki!
Okay!
All right, nice!
Give the name of this item.
Grating.
Aki.
Our...
Aki!
Ah, it went!
Whoa!
All right!
Yes!
That's opened up a lot.
What a view.
Amazing.
You can really see out.
This is great.
What a nice view.
Here, here!
This is the middle of nowhere.
This is wild.
There has to be something that moves,
right? Gross.
Not at all.
What, what?
Same as the opening.
It's an RC car.
OK Google.
Turn on the RC car.
If you record 100 decibels or more on the
loudness meter, you can turn on the RC car.
For reference, 100 decibels is about as
loud as a train passing under an overpass.
That's insanely loud.
Huh?
See?
Something lit up.
Wait, did it already start?
Huh?
Move!
Aaaah!
Huh?
100?
That's 100.
Get out! Get out! Get out!
Get out!
Didn't it go?
We went over, right? We went over, right?
We did.
OK Google.
Move the RC car.
It moved! Yes, yes, yes! It moved! Wait,
wait, wait! Watch out, watch out!
Wait, where'd it go?
Where'd it go?
OK Google, RC car, back, back, back! Back!
Back, back, back!
It got caught in the grass.
Wait, did it stop? Damn it!
It just moved, that's all.
It's totally stuck!
I thought this would finally let us dig!
Roomba all over again!
Come on!
Okay, that's it for today.
Goodbye.
Ah, it's over.
Wait a second.
Seriously.
This is rough.
So that's how it ends.
Yeah.
Hello? Sorry, sorry, how'd it go?
Hello?
Hello, can you hear me?
How'd it go?
Yeah, okay? I'll tell you. At Rakuen
Shibuya Dogenzaka, machine 777 is Garo.
Gekko no.
Gekko no? Yeah. Tabibito Kizuna.
Huh?
GIGA GHOST Version.
Giga?
GIGA GHOST version.
Version.
Okay, got it, thanks.
Yeah, please.
That helped.
Nine.
Here we go.
Masaya-chan.
Masaya-chan!
Yes!
Thank you.
Here we go.
Here we go, this is the best.
Thank God.
That opened up a lot.
No, seriously, we opened it a ton.
Maybe 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 opened up.
Ah, this is bad.
I'm completely frozen.
Seriously.
I'm starting to hallucinate.
I thought I saw rocks falling.
This is bad, bad.
Nothing's falling.
This is bad.
I'd hate it if my partner got like this.
My mind is...
He's gone completely off the rails.
The original madman already...
No, it's this rainbow wall.
This is traumatic.
I'm heading to heaven.
A bug landed.
Maybe it came in through that hole.
Oh, right.
See?
I've got a fly on my face, don't I?
I hate this.
There's a bug on my face.
A fly landed on the corpse.
A fly.
This is bad, Michio.
I had a good life.
Tell me that sound, that sound.
He's wrapping it up.
That life I had.
At the bicycle shop...
A regular there.
We went on a bike date or something...
What are you even talking about?
We had no money for a hotel.
Sleeping on candy like this...
At this place like a cemetery rest stop...
In the pouring rain at midnight, that was
where I had sex for the first time.
And after we did it...
After that...
I went to the public toilet at that
cemetery. And I found 1,000 yen.
Actual cash.
What is that story?
Hello?
Ah, hello.
Sorry for calling so much, Masaya-chan.
Kanai and...
Takeda from Kizuna, and...
Kashu from Jumbo Dump...
Could you get their phone numbers from
Twitter or DM or something?
Okay. Then I'll get back to you in about
an hour.
Okay.
Yeah, got it.
Please.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
We've got one point left.
Think your dad will answer with one?
Let's go with one.
One will get us there.
Let's do it, let's do it.
Think Dad will work?
Let's go with Dad and one.
Man, calling your parents is scary.
Please let it be one.
Hello?
Ah, Dad, sorry, it's Shinichi.
Um...
How many people have you slept with in
your life? Me?
Yes.
We're out of time.
Hey!
Idiot!
He's doing it!
The card?
The card's gone.
He's doing it, idiot!
Hurry!
Call him again, hurry!
I'm starting to feel sick.
Call him now!
Watch out.
What a waste.
Mine? Heh.
Hello?
Sorry, Dad.
Sorry, we're out of time. How many would
you say, as best as you can remember?
Uh, you mean, um...
You mean, uh...
You mean counting everybody?
Yeah, everybody, everybody.
Everybody?
How would I know that?
Not just one.
Just say it and I'll hang up.
Well, roughly.
Then maybe around ten?
Okay, thank you.
At least he's giving us something.
Dad says ten.
That's awfully real.
We had one.
Add that one.
Yours too.
Dad being ten is rough.
Add your fathers' body counts together.
That's a real number.
What do you mean, 'counting everybody'?
Maybe there's something to that.
There is something.
Like, halfway counts, maybe. Or maybe
including paid stuff or something.
My dad's is one.
Please, the combined number.
We lost.
This is no good.
We're getting crushed.
Dad's ten, huh.
It has to be 'evil.'
Ow.
Okay.
At least one is one for now.
Yeah.
From 5:00, it's Mambou Yashiro-san.
This is rough.
Skyrocket Company.
That's why it's three hours.
What?
Isn't that amazing?
Should we look it up?
Skyrocket Company.
Kind of...
Does that mean they have a ton of emails
prepared? Today...
Oh, 'small.'
Tell us your small gambling stories.
Oh.
Okano-san's here.
Ah, over there. 'I turned down a job offer
from a top company and boldly started my own business.'
This could work really well. 'I was torn
between a local university and one in Tokyo, but going to Tokyo expanded my network and was the right call.'
Yeah, yeah. 'Or marrying the person who
liked me instead of the person I liked. Did I win that gamble?' and so on.
I see.
Hmm.
Like, maybe...
Maybe small, everyday stuff is better.
That's not really what I had in mind.
Yeah.
That kind of thing might work too.
But that's not 'small' at all.
Oh, I get it. Life gambles.
This is kind of...
There were some really good ones.
Whoa, amazing.
Uh-oh, dark clouds. We've got that call in
an hour, so let's really bet our lives on this part.
Yeah. I don't really know how to put this,
but...
Yeah. You know when a senior takes you out
to eat...
and it's always somewhere I could never
afford to pay for myself?
Yeah, yeah, somewhere a little pricey. At
times like that, I still pull out my wallet.
I know.
And sometimes I've got zero yen.
Not even a single 1,000-yen bill.
Yeah, yeah.
Still, you do it.
It's just manners.
That's a small gamble, right?
And sometimes...
sometimes a senior says, 'Pay for the
ramen,' you know? That's a brutal senior.
Brutal senior.
If they say that, you lose, right?
Yeah, so it's a gamble, but still...
You know girls like that too, right?
The kind who don't bring a single coin.
Yeah, yeah.
But isn't that not really a gamble?
Right.
Yeah.
Stuff like that.
I see, that's the kind of story.
Yeah, what else...
Yeah, hello?
Ah, hello, um...
How'd it go?
Dried squid.
Ah, here it is, here it is.
Who?
Yeah.
They all came through.
No way.
Yeah.
Okay.
Um, Kanai.
Yeah.
090...
Okay.
And?
And then, cashew.
Yeah.
090...
He's actually helping, so don't eat ramen
next to me. Takeda.
Okay, thanks.
At least eat quietly.
That's not good, as a junior.
No eating while I'm on the phone, got it?
Yeah.
But if this gets cold...
Right? If it gets cold, it's basically
just like drinking plain water.
I've been desperately making calls this
whole time, and what are you doing eating? Think this will work?
Ah, maybe I'm feeling a little better now.
Let's try it.
If this gets us through...
How is it?
Big chance.
Yeah.
So...
If I just keep going like this...
You watching? Yeah, I feel like one person
might make it through.
My face might fit.
Heave-ho.
Ah, feet, feet, feet.
At your feet, at your feet, yeah, yeah.
Heave-ho.
Can you do it? Oh, maybe. Oh, it's going.
Wait, over here.
Ahh.
Ah.
Oh, didn't it go? It's going, it's going.
Oh!
Heave-ho. Heave-ho. Oh, it made it.
It's through, it's through, it's through!
Amazing.
It's through!
Whoa, amazing.
It made it!
Whoa.
What do we do from here?
Huh?
Just try going for it.
Oh, it looks possible.
All right.
I'll just try going for it.
Oh, it looks possible.
Heave-ho.
This is it.
Ah, but...
Can it make it?
Ah, I got through.
Wait, I made it, I made it, I made it.
I made it, I made it, surprisingly.
I can do it.
It hurts, but wait, wait.
Huh, it hurts?
Wait a second.
Support me or something. No, my lower
back, my lower body won't make it.
Can you give me a shoulder ride?
No way with the handcuffs.
I can't do it.
Just throw me over there if you have to.
Throw you? No, with the handcuffs I can't
underhand you. Wait, don't let go here.
Isn't this impossible?
Huh? What do you mean?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, this is rough.
No, this is impossible.
Heave-ho. Nope.
Jasu-san, put your hand there, under mine.
You clearly don't want to touch that.
Ah, okay, okay.
Ah, you don't have to hold me.
Kind of...
Move your hand to match mine.
Can you do it?
Ah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
Now move your hand with mine.
Wait, wait, wait.
This might work.
Amazing, go, go, go, go, go.
Can you do it?
Hey, it's working, it's working.
Oh, this might work.
It's through, it's through, it's through.
It made it. Hang in there, hang in there,
hang in there.
Ah, it made it, it made it, it made it.
Can you do it?
Heave-ho!
Yes!
Amazing.
Yes.
Okay.
Amazing.
All right!
Well, yeah, I guess that would happen.
Ah, he's trapped inside.
Whoa, good for you.
Wait a second.
Ah, a door.
Bang.
Whoa.
Ah, good, good.
Huh?
Oh?
A key.
Ah, look.
Oh, there's something there.
It has a key on it.
Man...
Hey, hey.
Huh?
Find the key hidden in the Candy House and
escape.
Huh? Huh?
Wait, what is this?
What's this?
Nothing but candy.
No, the scale is totally different now.
Yeah, seriously.
Completely different.
Do we have to go back to the Candy House?
Whoa, go back?
No.
Still, this key has to be for something.
Yeah.
This is bad, bad, bad, bad, I'm losing it,
I'm losing it.
The handcuffs.
So that's it.
This is it!
Ahh!
Just now...
This is it.
I see, it's the handcuff key. Feels like
I'm not even allowed to say anything.
But this makes it easier.
This is it.
Whoa!
Wait, right?
Probably.
This has to be it.
What if it's not?
Ah, it won't open, won't open, won't open.
Did it open?
Oh, it opened!
Oh, thank God, thank God.
Yes, yes!
All right!
Yes!
This makes it a lot easier mentally.
Okay!
A key.
Ah, thank God.
My hands and feet are free.
Hands and feet are free.
After all that, of course it would.
Heave-ho!
No wonder you're happy.
And, and, and, and, and...
So if it says, 'Find the key hidden in the
Candy House and escape'... Whoa.
then it has to be somewhere in the Candy
House. This.
Seriously? Does that mean we have to eat
it to make it appear?
Whoa.
This might be even worse than before.
How are we supposed to find it? Seriously.
Ahh.
What is this, where?
Where is it, seriously?
Somebody...
Just open it already.
Me?
Huh, a new escape...
Um...
Here.
A mysterious...
kind of ending, huh.
Oh.
Yeah, the Candy House really is brutal.
That was rough.
After all that...
right when you thought it was over...
Yeah. Turns out there's another mountain
to climb.
Yeah.
Man, that's rough.
And on top of that...
Yeah.
Up to now, at least you could see how much
you had to eat to get from here to there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
But this time there isn't even a visible
goal. Right.
You don't even know where it is.
Man, that's rough.
If I, Shinichi Omokuri Geinin, had a
partner say that stuff to me, I'd probably swing.
I don't think I could take it. TV or not,
I think I'd throw hands.
I'd just think, 'They can cut it out
later,' and... I might actually hit him.
Hit him with the receiver.
Yeah, I'd hit him.
With the receiver.
I really might not be able to handle it.
If someone said that kind of thing
about... your own family on the phone...
Yeah.
While slurping ramen beside you.
That too.
His little sister was funny, though.
Even the little sister didn't understand
anything. Yeah.
She was just a woman who burned through
their phone-card credits. Right.
And then at the end again...
Yeah.
Well, a new...
a new one, yeah.
It looks like a whole new escape challenge
opened up. Who do you think it was?
Did you recognize the voice?
No.
I couldn't tell from that.
It sounded kind of familiar, though.
Yeah, something like that.
Yeah.
No, I don't know. If they're carrying him
somewhere from there, maybe, but...
Yeah.
I wouldn't like that.
Ahh.
I see.
So he has to get out from there?
Out of that box?
Whoa, that's rough.
No, that can't be it.
No, I don't know. Hard to say.